The mysterious diary records the voice.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it’s really not as bad as it sounds.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
She was too short to see over the fence.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
I am never at home on Sundays.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
At last
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
Greetings from the real universe.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Two seats were vacant.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Love is not like pizza.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.